add new guide for registering chainhooks on devnet (#609)
hirosystems/docs: docs/chainhook/guides/register-chainhooks-on-devnet.md

---
title: Register Chainhooks on Devnet
---

Follow these steps to register your Chainhooks on Devnet using Clarinet:

> **_NOTE:_**
> This feature requires Clarinet version 2.1.0 or higher. Refer to our [Clarinet - Getting Started](../../clarinet/getting-started.md#install-clarinet) page for an installation guide.

## Create Your Chainhook Predicates

First, within your Clarinet project, you'll need to create your Chainhook predicate files.

These should be situated in the root of your project directory. The files can either be separate or stored within a specific folder, e.g., `/chainhooks` in your project root directory:

```bash
clarinet-project/
│
├── Clarinet.toml
│
├── contracts/
│   ├── counter.clar
│
├── chainhooks/  # Directory to place Chainhook predicate files - can be named anything
│   ├── increment.json
│   ├── decrement.json
│
... # other project files
```

> For examples on how to define your predicates, refer to this guide for [Stacks](./chainhooks-with-stacks.md) and [Bitcoin](./chainhooks-with-bitcoin.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For examples on how to define your predicates, refer to the [Stacks](./chainhooks-with-stacks.md) and [Bitcoin](./chainhooks-with-bitcoin.md) guides.
```
Nit, and you don't have to use my recommendation, I just felt the singular "guide" with two guides felt awkward.
